All right, so moving on,
this is another interesting
project and I'm pretty sure
you're going to love this.
Let's read the problem statement.
I love to introduce you with
the problem statements because
this is actually you'll be doing
in the real world as well.
You received a list of names
for chai orders, and the goal is
to print out the order queue.
Your task is to use a list
of names and print the order ready
for whatever the name is.
So, so far, whatever we have
seen or whatever we have done,
was just on the range.
This was the range,
this was the range.
But now we want to work
on something different.
So let's go ahead
and create a new file.
Call this one as 03,_t order
or orders py and the first thing
that we have to do here is to create
a list which has, names in it.
So let's just call this
one as orders, which will
be a list just like this.
It will have a lot of name.
I'll go ahead and add my name first.
And then let's just say we
have other name as well.
Let's just say Aman is one
of another name and another,
one is, let's just say Becky.
Another one.
Let's just say we have Carlos.
So now we want to loop through.
And again, keep in mind that
you have no idea how many
names are in this order.
There could be four, there could be
four, zero, or there could be 400.
No idea.
So in such case, just like we
have used the range, we can
simply go ahead and create a,
loop using the for, use the for
keyword, provide a, variable.
It could be name, it could be my
name, it could be your name,
whatever you want to go with this,
then in and then provide just like
the range we are providing, we can
also provide a list which is also
iteratable.
Yeah, this is the word.
You'll see quite a lot.
A lot of objects
in the Python are iteratable.
That means you can loop through them.
So I'll just go ahead and put up
the orders just like this and I'll
just go say print just like this
and I will say order ready for.
And then simply go ahead and put
up this name automatically.
This loop will go to the list
and first time on the first
loop this will be the value.
On the second loop, this
will be the value.
On the third loop this will be
the value, and on the fourth loop
this is going to be the value.
So this is it.
Super easy.
Told you.
Python is really really easy
if you work just like that.
So let's just say I want
to run this one.
And we can see order
is ready for Hitesh.
Next time, it's ready for Aman.
Next time, it's ready
for Becky and Carlos.
So pretty good, pretty fun.
And we can see we have actually
done this task as well.
That is it for this video.
Let's catch up in the next one.